Now, let's make a star notary service which will be
a smart contract represent a star that a person could own.
Let's go back to remix that we used before and make a new file.
We'll begin this just like we did before by defining
first the solidity version that we'll be using.
Next, we'll start our contract with a contract keyword and the contract name.
Let's begin by given the star a name.
We'll initialize that variable field for the star name,
and then in the constructor,
we'll assign the star name to be any name we want.
Great. Now, let's add logic for the star to also have an owner.
To do that, we'll need to make a new variable field to hold the star owner.
Notice how both the star name and the star owner variables are public.
This means that anyone can call
the smart contract and ask it for those public variable names,
then let's make a function to claim that star.
We'll start our function with the function keyword followed
by function name and any type of parameters.
Lastly, we'll say that it's a public method that's accessible outside the contract.
Great. Now, all we have to do is set
the star owner variable to be the color of this method.
In solidity, we have global variables to get information about the transaction.
So, all we have to do to find out who initiated
this function call is to look at the msg.sender variable.
I highly encourage you to check out the link to
solidity's documentation about other global variables and what they're used for.
Now that we have our contract,
we can manually test it out just like we did before with the HelloWorld example.
Let's first compile and make sure that there are no compiler errors.
Now, we're ready to deploy.
Look at the run tab on the right,
it's like JavaScript VM for the environment like we did before,
and click on the deploy after selecting StarNotary from the drop-down.
Great. It deployed the test environment in our browser.
Notice now that we have two of the variable fields
available for us to call as well as the function that we need.
This is because all these fields knows more contract are public.
Let's look at what the star name is.
Great. The output is what we expected it to be.
Now, let's see who the owner is.
If you notice, the owner is zero because there is no owner yet.
Let's go ahead and click on the claimStar and check who the owner is now.
The owner should be the account that you used to initiate this function call,
which you can see on the top.
We can change your account to be something else
and claim the star with a different account,
and now the star has a different owner.
Congrats, you just made a smart contract that tracks ownership of a digital item.
In the next lesson,
I'll show you how to set up your local test environment to help us
add more complex logic to our star notary service.